BIOLOGY TEACHER

Experience

11/2016 to Current

Biology Teacher Company Name 1% City , State

* Execute, impkment, and modify lesson plans while incorporating differentiated instruction and muttiple intelligences.

¢ Design and align lessons, labs, and assessments incorporating STEM, problem based karning, Common Core and NGSS.

© Volunteer and participate in schools extracurricular activities such as selling tickets for the school talent show and participating in the
Lindenwold HS 5K for the scholarship fimd.

© Teach and translate materials utilizing Sheltered Instruction techniques for English Language Learners.

© Co-teach with special education teachers while executing modifications in student IEP and 504 plans.

* Plan and present Google applications training for Lindenwold HS professional development.

09/2011 to 11/2016
Biology Teacher Company Name 1 City , State

© Seck out of district professional development opportunities including but not limited to NJEA and NSTA Conventions, and addition
programs focused in science, standards, & STEM.

© Successfillly fimdraise money for incorporating additional technologies, TI Nspire CX graphing calculators, for the classroom through

DonorsChoose.org,

Execute, impkment, and modify lesson plans while incorporating differentiated instruction and multiple intelligences.

Design and align lessons, labs, and assessments incorporating STEM, problem based kearnng, Common Core and NGSS.

Impkment ideas, practices, and theories from professional development workshops.

Tum Key for other teachers).

Co-teach with special education teachers while executing modifications in student IEP and 504 plans.

Communicate with parents/guardians regarding student progress within the chssroom

* Achieve Level 1 Google Certified Educator status in October 2016.

01/2011 to 03/2011
Student Teacher Company Name 1 City , State

¢ Develop hbs, assignments, and projects to reinforce material taught previously encouraging deeper knowledge and understanding in
addition to incorporate multiple disciplines, including writing, science, social sciences, and health,

* Continuous educational improvement by applying constructive criticism to Iessons during student teaching experience.

© Formative and sunmutive assessments of students on content related to the New Jersey State standards.

© Execute and implement lesson plans for the week while ensuring differentiated instruction.

* Communicated with parents/guardians about student progress within the classroom.

04/2007 to 04/2011

Clmical Lab Manager/Technologist Company Name i City , State

© Educate and train Pathology Residents according to guidelines set forth in Molecular Diagnostic Laboratory Resident Manual, including
observation and hands on bench training of laboratory procedures and techniques.

* Research and validate new laboratory tests by determining parameters for sample concentration, detection limits, and composition of
procedures for the laboratory.

© Maintain failed run, repeat testing, instrument/equipment maintenance & calibration, QC temperature, & T-A-T logs.

* PerformDNA extraction/quantitation, PCR, CE, interpretation, and reporting of results of molecular studies.

© Manage and operate the laboratory and equipment according to the QA/QC Procedure and Protocol.

08/2005 to 04/2007
Quality Control Technician - TCA/E Coordinator Company Name 1 City , State

Coordinate monthly seminar with QC Director and attending laboratory technicians in addition to conducting ‘Good Laboratory Practices’
and orientation kectures for hboratory technicians.

Compose and administer seminar quizzes and verifying technician credit by monitoring seminar attendance.
Assemble and execute state reports for Department of Health in several states in which licenses are held.
Troubleshoot and investigate pending specimens to ensure results are reported within a timely manner.
Manage Technician Competency Assessment (TCA) and Continuing Education (TCE) Programs.
Maintain lboratory technician training records and schedule annual evaluations.

Accumuhite test result and testing comments for final report completion.

Compose standard operations and procedure for pending specimens.

Verify patient requisition forms to records in company database.

Compile and maintained list of specimens pending.

01/2005 to 08/2005
Clmical Laboratory Technician Company Name 14 City , State

e Prenare opl agars and ascneinted| cnhstmtes finm raw material in laror-seale eleetmnbarsis testna nlatfarm
