ACCOUNTANT

Summary
Financial Accountant specializing in financial planning, reporting and analysis within the Department of Defense.
Highlights

¢ Account reconciliations

© Results-oriented © Accounting operations professional

¢ Financial reporting © Analysis of financial systems

° Critical thinking ¢ ERP (Enterprise Resource Planning) software.

¢ Excellent facilitator

Accomplishments

Served ona tiger team which identified and resolved General Ledger postings in DEAMS totaling $360B in accounting adjustments. This allowed
for the first successfill fiscal year-end close for 2012.

In collaboration with DFAS Europe, developed an autormated tool that identified duplicate obligations. This tool allowed HQ USAFE to
deoblignte over $5M in duplicate obligations.

Experience
Company Name July 2011 to Novernber 2012 Accountant
City, State

Enterprise Resource Planning Office (ERO)

In this position as an Accountant assigned to the Defense Enterprise Accounting and Management System (DEAMS) ERO I was
responsibie for identifying and resolving issues affecting the DEAMS General Ledger.

I worked with teammates from the Procure to Pay, Orders to Cash, and Budget to Report areas to resolve daily challenges encountered
with the deployment of DEAMS to additional customers and when system change requests were promoted to production.

I supported the testing of scripts, patches, and system change requests ensuring any anomalies were identified to the DEAMS Functional
Managenent Office for action by the DEAMS Program Management Office and/or the System Integrator.

In addition, I served ona tiger team designed to identify and resolve General Ledger posting differences and supported the development of
$360B in accounting adjustments allowing for the first successfill fiscal year-end close in 2012.

These actions also allowed for the reconciliation and closure of fiscal year 2010 and 2011 accounting adjustrents ensuring that all DEAMS
fiscal year-end requirements were compkted.

These actions were recognized as critical to the successfill review report issued by the Air Force Operational Test and Evaluation Center
(AFOTEC) resulting in the Air Force receiving the authority to continue with the deployment of DEAMS.

Company Name April 2010 to June 2011 Resource Advisor
City , State

In this position as Resource Advisor for the Ist Air Communications Operation Squadron (1 ACOS) I was responsible for providing
financial advice and decision support to the Commander.

* Iwas responsible for coordinating a $4.6M budget between four finding sources.
* I coordinated with USAFE Directorate of Intelligence (USAFE/A2), USAFE Directorate of Air and Space Operations (USAFE/A3),

USAFE Directorate of Communications (USAFE/A6) and the 435th Air Ground Operations Wing to ensure 1ACOS meets its mission
requirements.

I consistently managed three separate timelines for providing budget/unfinded requirements, providing documentation and various reports in
the required fort for each organization.

I discussed the outcome of the Group and Directorate budget meetings providing feedback the same day to the Flight Chiefs and CC any
issue which affects IACOS directly.

I monitored the Defense Travel System (DTS) daily and identify orders and authorizations needing approval and provided notification to the
appropriate Reviewing Officials and Approvers.

Utilizing DTS and the General Accounting and Finance System I reviewed status reports to identify anomalies in obligations and have
identified those orders which require correction prior to payment,

I provided Government Purchase Card (GPC) status reports the same day they are requested and in addition, communicated with the
appropriate cardhoklers when changes were required to support their program.

| identified cardholder training requirements and monitored these requirements to ensure all required training was completed in support of
this mission critical program.

I developed guidance for the GPC cardholders on procedures for requesting training for the squadron and in addition I provided answers to
cardholder questions on unique or non-standard issues/concems.
