SALES MANAGER
Proftssional Summary .

Accomplished and chenxticA witha sofd history ofachisvement in sales. Motivated kader ‘With strong ongntational and Prortiation abilties. Areas of expertise include Mccting Goats, Negotiation and
Seling to Customer Needs.

Interests

Music Production, Graphic Art and Designand Finess Train

Skis

3€¢ Computers and Ekctronics

a€¢Admmistration and Management

d€¢Nogotiation

4€¢Persnsion

a€ {Saks and Marketing

Experience

91/2010 to Current
Saks Manager’ Conpany Name i% Ciy, State

® Resohe castomer conphins tegarding saks and service,
© Direct and coondimte: Activites mohing sakes of manufictured Products, services, commoditirs or: other subjects of sats,
. Phn and divct stafing, {ithe ad perfmmance evakntons to devebp and conolsale antec oe

°
.

.

* Monitor customer preferences to Gcterrine focus of sales efforts,
: "

°

07/2007 to 03/2010
Emagency Road Service Technician Conpany Name 1% City, State

Identify and inflate tires convetly for the six and ply,
Phe wheels on bakneing machines to determine Counter wwigts required to bakince: Week,
Rabe whicks, usng hydraulic jacks,
Remount whock onto whicks,
Unbok wheels from hicks and Temove them, using lug wrenches and other hand and power tooks,
Ain nbber coms to bulk te castes proc to vidsutaton roses,
ke tires onto wheek,
© Drie attomobib: of service trucks to industrial sites to provide services or respond to emergency calk,
Rephice vahe stems and remove Puncturing objects,
Hammer required Countenseights onto rims of wicks,
Taspect tre casings fr defects, suchas hols of tears.
Gio tire patches Over ruptures in tie casings, using tubber coment,
Prepare rims and wivel drums Sr reassenbly by scraping, gindrg or sandbhsting,
Asstt mechanics and perform other duties as diwcted,
* Infite imer tubes and immerse themin water to locate kaks,

03/2005 to 09/2007
Whoksale Food Supplier Company Name 11%, City, State

* Selland keep records of sakes Sor products from tuck imentory.

* Mainain records, suchas sehick logs, records ofcargo, or billng statemats, inaccondance with Teguhtions,

© Drie whicks with capacities under three tons to transport materia’ to and fom specified destinations, suchas railroad stations, phnts, residences, offices, or within industrial yards,
* Wrap, weigh, bbel and Price cuts of meat,

© Prepare Speci cus of meat ordered bycustomers.

© Cu tim 2 aan PA Mts sachas bee pr pouty o prepare mst cooking Som

© Total sats, and colbet money fom customers.

¢ Use knives, chavers, meat saws, bandsaws, or other equpnent to perform meat Cutting and trimring,

. Cut and trmmeat to prepare fr packing

© Inspect mat products for deficts, brutes of blorishes and remove themalong with any excess fit.

© Confer with Customers by telephone or in person to provide inSmmtion abou products or Services, take or enter onfers, cancel accounts, of obtain details of ‘conphints.

.
.

.

°

. :

. Dele nade, mesons make cas, and neon tansetonsoneeten ees
.

.

.

°

Education
2012
High School Diploma : General Pennsauken High School 1% Ciy, State
Additional Ingmation
* Wohrtoce
ActhaticsA AAA AAA
Sceds Of Hope - Oct 201
knctroomAAAAAA
* Community Senice, etc,

